[Music]
get your hands on
oh
you're taking me somewhere to kill me no
i'm taking you someplace to talk
well i don't like to talk but you do
like to lie which you just
did because we both know you love to
talk
how long have you been here i don't know
it's hard to say you know time passes
differently here in the tva
what does that mean you'll catch up
glorious
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
brother i'm down
you'd better be ready
come on what did you expect
the legacy of that shield is
[Music]
complicated
the world
is upside down
people need something to get behind
[Music]
they need a symbol
so what's our plan
so no plan
[Music]
right
what's going on in that cyborg brain of
yours you don't want to know
oh yeah i can see it working gear's
turning
oh they're malfunctioning they're on
fire god i hate you
you don't know everything about me
the avengers weren't my first family
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
i know you are
natasha my sister after all this time
what brings you home
[Applause]
i'm on the run
i was trying to do something good
[Music]
you more than just a train killer you're
fooling yourself
[Music]
we are still both train killers
we have unfinished business we
still fits finley
back together again you got fat
smelly water
there's a new world of widows
new enemies
i'm done running for my past
[Music]
who the hell is that guy
so what's a single gal like you doing
rattling around this big how
well i assure you i'm married to a man a
human one
[Music]
we are an unusual couple
oh i don't think that was ever in
question
we just don't know what to expect
howdy neighbors hey buddy
wanda what's up who are you
i don't know
i think something's wrong here
are you here
this is our home then let's fight for it
well i think we handled that well
space time
time time reality
it's more than a linear path it's a
prism
of endless possibility well that doesn't
sound ominous at all
i was promised an army
you have a super soldier
oh you sure don't seem too freaked out
about all this kid
what you doing out there all by yourself
anyway exploring
the world sounds fun but why stop at one
world
when we can show you all of them
i am the watcher
i am your guide through these vast new
realities
follow me and dare to face the unknown
and ponder the question
what if
give me the tour
[Applause]
[Music]
um